TAP-research
------------

Questions of the week:
- PFE - is the only con potential slowliness? Shall we make a pros and cons list?
- I feel like PFE sounds better than MPC here and might be a good and potentially novel (?) way to go for TAP, does it? Or does it come in conjunction with MPC, I am a bit confused?
- Can you explain the abstract of paper 6 on PFE in more general terms? 
- In introduction to the paper 6, P1 would be TAP holding fucntion f and circuit C(f), parties P2 and P3 are trigger and action, but what are their inputs xi?
- So the goal of two party P3 is to learn only the output of the function generated by P1 and nothing else? What should the goal of the party P2 be? What should it learn?
- Why should the parties learn the size of the circuit and the length of P1's inputs and outputs?
- Should we look into papers 1,2,3,4 and in the literature for paper 6?
- Okay but what is the circuit C? Is it essentially the applet code?
- How can I contribute more to creating a protocol flow? When do you think we will be ready to create an UML diagram?

---------

Background section plan
- TAP
- talk about different TAPs, like IFTTT, Zappier, etc.
- what else? 
----------

Notes to Veronika (myself):
- fix bibtex for two articles I am planning to add and make sure that citation key is different for them
- https://ifttt.com/plans. --- cite it for ifttt services

----------
**Preliminary Timeline starting week of 11/18/2021:**

  Week 1 (of Mon Nov 22)
  - Background finish what I can
  - High-level design overview

  Week 2 (of Mon Nov 29)
  - Design details:
    * required crypto protocols
    * protocol flow -> UML sequence diagram

  Week 3 (of Mon Dec 6)
  - Security Analysis
  - Specify privacy and functionality goals
  - Start security proofs

  Week 4 (of Mon Dec 13)
  - Implementation details: software
